[web] New section for webpage introduced (#183)
jbathmann/pyMANGA: web/content/en/contribution/Structure.md

> ---

Reviewer: In structure and download the header sections looks strange (white/ grey instead of blue)

Author: This is due to the adapted layout theme...

---
title: Structure
linkTitle: Structure
weight: 1

---

On this page, we provide a brief overview on the structure of the pyMANGA platform.

> pyMANGA is composed of different libraries (<a href="/contribution/#Figure_1">Figure 1a</a>), each covering a part of the full forest (vegetation) growth model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pyMANGA is composed of different libraries (<a href="/contribution/#Figure_1">Figure 1</a>), each covering a part of the full forest (vegetation) growth model.
```

This includes, for example, the distribution of individuals ('PopulationLib'), the time step management ('TimeLoopLib') or the growth of individuals ('TreeModelLib').
A library can contain several concepts to describe this specific aspect of the model in different ways.
As pyMANGA follows object-oriented programming paradigms, each concept is defined by a class.
Classes can be inherited to create new concepts.
In some libraries an abstract parent class exists. 
This class is never initiated but serves as a template for all other concepts.
This is, for example, the case in the libraries 'TreeOutputLib' and 'TreeModelLib'.
The documentation of each class can be found [here](https://jbathmann.github.io/pyMANGA/annotated.html).

<figure class="alert">

>     <img id="Figure_1" src="/pictures/contribution/manga_structure.jpg">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img id="Figure_1" src="/pictures/contribution/manga_structure.png">
```

Not sure if this is already the fix,

    <figcaption>
        <i><br><strong>Figure 1:</strong> Overview on pyMANGA structure. Each grey box represents a library.</i>
    </figcaption>
</figure><p>

The following sections briefly describe each library.

### ProjectLib

This Library manages the interaction of all the other implemented libraries.

### TimeLoopLib

> The TimeLoopLib provides functionalities for model timestepping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TimeLoopLib provides functionalities for model timestepping.
Here, the scheduling of sub-models within one time step is defined.
```

### PopulationLib

In the PopulationLib, the management of individuals within the model is controlled.

### TreeModelLib

The 'TreeModelLib' latter is the heart of pyMANGA as it describes vegetation growth and interaction between individuals and the environment.
A TreeModel always consists of 3 submodels

> #### AbovegroundCompetition

Reviewer: I would call them libraries, too, and not submodels as each of dem contains a bunch of models/ concepts.

Author: :+1:

> This submodel characterizes the modeling of resource gathering over the ground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sub-library characterizes the gathering of resources available above the ground.
```

> Since pyMANGA models growth via the presence of resources, these are also the focus of this submodel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The above-ground resource relevant to pyMANGA con for example represent the sunlight.

Reviewer: What is the pyMANGA con?

> The above-ground resource relevant to pyMANGA con for example represent the sunlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An above-ground resource relevant to pyMANGA is sunlight availability.
A sub-model can, for example, describe how sunlight is available to individual trees if they are shwadowd by others.
```

> The above-ground resource relevant to pyMANGA con for example represent the sunlight.

Author: ```suggestion
The above-ground resource relevant to pyMANGA can for example represent the sunlight.
```

#### BelowgroundCompetition

> This submodel characterizes the modeling of resource gathering below the ground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sub-library characterizes the resource gathering below the ground.
```

Since pyMANGA models growth via the presence of resources, these are also the focus of this submodel.
The below-ground resource relevant to pyMANGA con for example represent the nutrient availability.

#### TreeGrowthAndDeath

> In the third and last main submodel of the TreeModelLib, the dynamic concept of tree growth and death is described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the third and last main submodel of the TreeModelLib, the dynamic concept of tree (vegetation) growth and death is described.
```

> In the third and last main submodel of the TreeModelLib, the dynamic concept of tree growth and death is described.

Author: ```suggestion
In the third and last main sub-library of the TreeModelLib, the dynamic concept of tree (vegetation) growth and death is described.
```

### TreeOutputLib

The TreeOutputLib controls the way pyMANGA generates output files from the simulation results.

### VisualizationLib

> The VisualizationLib provides interface for a visualization of model results during runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VisualizationLib defines an interface for the visualization of model results during runtime.
```
